influential-neuroscientists-0 | Miguel Nicolelis |  | author:Miguel Nicolelis
influential-neuroscientists-1 | Fred Gage |  | author:Fred Gage
influential-neuroscientists-2 | Michael Gazzaniga |  | author:Michael Gazzaniga
influential-neuroscientists-3 | Michael M. Merzenich |  | author:Michael M. Merzenich
influential-neuroscientists-4 | James L. McGaugh |  | author:James L. McGaugh
influential-neuroscientists-5 | Joseph E. LeDoux |  | author:Joseph E. LeDoux
influential-neuroscientists-6 | Mahmood Amiry-Moghaddam |  | author:Mahmood Amiry-Moghaddam
influential-neuroscientists-7 | Henry Markram |  | author:Henry Markram
influential-neuroscientists-8 | Sir Colin Brian Blakemore |  | author:Sir Colin Brian Blakemore
influential-neuroscientists-9 | Ben Carson |  | author:Ben Carson
influential-neuroscientists-10 | Daniel Joseph Levitin |  | author:Daniel Joseph Levitin
influential-neuroscientists-11 | Fernando Nottebohm |  | author:Fernando Nottebohm
influential-neuroscientists-12 | Adele Diamond |  | author:Adele Diamond
influential-neuroscientists-13 | Andrew Newberg |  | author:Andrew Newberg
influential-neuroscientists-14 | Robert Maurice Sapolsky |  | author:Robert Maurice Sapolsky
influential-neuroscientists-15 | Antonio Damasio |  | author:Antonio Damasio
influential-neuroscientists-16 | Eric Richard Kandel |  | author:Eric Richard Kandel
influential-neuroscientists-17 | Garret D. Stuber |  | author:Garret D. Stuber
influential-neuroscientists-18 | David Eagleman |  | author:David Eagleman
influential-neuroscientists-19 | Gregory Berns |  | author:Gregory Berns
influential-neuroscientists-20 | Christof Koch |  | author:Christof Koch
influential-neuroscientists-21 | David Heeger |  | author:David Heeger
influential-neuroscientists-22 | Francisco Javier Varela Garcia |  | author:Francisco Javier Varela Garcia
influential-neuroscientists-23 | Gina G. Turrigiano |  | author:Gina G. Turrigiano
influential-neuroscientists-24 | David L. Felten |  | author:David L. Felten
influential-neuroscientists-25 | Billi Gordon |  | author:Billi Gordon
influential-neuroscientists-26 | Geraint Ellis Rees |  | author:Geraint Ellis Rees
influential-neuroscientists-27 | Van Wedeen |  | author:Van Wedeen
influential-neuroscientists-28 | Nayef al-Rodhan |  | author:Nayef al-Rodhan
influential-neuroscientists-29 | Leah Krubitzer |  | author:Leah Krubitzer